# Union Relief Force Transport Carrier **Space Cow** // 2.21.5014u
The squad are to be awakened en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA**. By order of the Union High Command your vessel is to drop a lance of mech pilots to investigate a distress signal from the settlement of **Evergreen**.

Once the initial contact force is dropped the **URFT Space Cow** is to continue on its patrol. Initial estimates allow for the **URFT Space Cow** to divert it's patrol to recover the team in approximately one Sol year adjusted for local spacetime.

Scans show the local settlement **Evergreen** to have basic Omninet and printing facilities. As such the team shall be dropped in a minimum specification passenger pod and local printing facilities will be requisitioned to provide for five mech printings following the initial drop.

Assigned team to be dropped:

- Olivia Smith (Callsign: Hitching Post)
- Maxine Allemand (Callsign: Bombadier)
- Noah Schäfer (Callsign: Chutzpah)
- Evah Lorn (Callsign: Heartstring)
- Argus Blayne (Callsign: Scylla)

# Union Relief Force Transport Carrier **Space Cow** // 3.01.5014u

With one week to catch up and get up to speed before the mission, initial simulations prove the team to meet the minimum mandated requirements to be allowed to act on behalf of the union. While this mission allows a great deal of autonomy the team must remember that they represent the **Union** at all times. In addition the following data is here for your support:

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

# Union Relief Force Transport Carrier **Space Cow** // 3.18.5014u

As the squad awake from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as **HERCYNIA**, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. Time is of the essence, and time is money. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now.