# Mission // #004B
## MOUNTAINFALL

Union Report of NHP BEGGAR_ONE to HIGH COMMAND and Overland/Kingwatcher. Priority High. Context - Great Success

The City of Patience has been secured in the name of the Union and the nests of the native threats have been scraped clean. The resistance in the city has been fierce and some enemy combatants escaped, but all human life has been presented with the Union standard diplomatic option. Surrender and Live.

It is time to complete the original mission of the Union on this world. It will take time to find the full capabilities of our updated technologies, but in the meantime we have struck a huge blow to the native threats of this planet. 

We have secured a lance of 5 advanced mechs from the battle to take the city, mostly intact. These chassis show promise and combined with the advanced printing capabilities we shall advance the Union's goals and claim this planet for all of humanity.

The local Union officers of the Crisis Reponse Unit - Hercynia Deployment First Responders appear to have gone rogue and are attempting to assist the native threats and human resistance in undermining Union rule. They are to be captured, branded traitors and executed for their crimes against humanity's ideals. 

# Goals
- Integrate the advanced systems of the city
- Locate and eliminate native threats to the planet
- Subjugate the rebellious human populace that have domesticated the native threats

# Stakes
- This world rightfully belongs to the Union. The four pillars demand the subjugation of this world for the greater benefit of the union.

# Reserves
- None at required at this time. Our current forces are sufficient to eliminate any resistance
- The ***\[ACCUMULATION\]*** is advancing on enemy combatants fleeing from the cleansed nests